[Feat] Add info icon to components (#1144)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user-guides/graph.md

For more details, refer to our [user guide on custom chart](custom-charts.md) and the [Plotly documentation on updating figures](https://plotly.com/python/creating-and-updating-figures/).

> ## Add title, header, footer and info-icon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add title, header, footer, and info-icon
```

> The [`Graph`][vizro.models.Graph] accepts a `title`, `header`, `footer` and `description` argument. This is useful for context on the data being displayed, or for adding a description of the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`Graph`][vizro.models.Graph] accepts a `title`, `header`, `footer`, and `description` argument. This is useful for context on the data being displayed, or for adding a description of the data.
```

                        width and length.
                        """,
                    footer="""SOURCE: **Plotly iris data set, 2024**""",
                    description="""
                        The Iris dataset includes measurements of 150 iris flowers across three types: Setosa, Versicolor, and Virginica.

>                         While all samples are labeled by type, they can appear similar when looking at just some features—making it a useful dataset for exploring patterns and challenges in classification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        While all samples are labeled by type, they can appear similar when looking at just some features. It's a useful dataset for exploring patterns and challenges in classification.
```

                  width and length.
                footer: |
                  SOURCE: **Plotly iris data set, 2024**
                description: |
                  The Iris dataset includes measurements of 150 iris flowers across three types: Setosa, Versicolor, and Virginica.

>                   While all samples are labeled by type, they can appear similar when looking at just some features—making it a useful dataset for exploring patterns and challenges in classification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                  While all samples are labeled by type, they can appear similar when looking at just some features. It's a useful dataset for exploring patterns and challenges in classification.
```
